## Dividing by Powers of 2
Integer division on most machines can be much slower than integer multiplaction.
Instead many compilers optimize integer division with shift operations.

### Unsigned Division
x/2^k, for all x >=0 and 0 <= k < w (w: number of bits in integer) can be represented with a right bit shift: x >> k.
- The result of x >> k is rounded toward 0.

### Two's Complement Division
The shifting should be performed using an arithmetic right shift, which extends the sign and ensures values will remain negative.
For dividends that are greater than 0, it works the same as unsigned division (logical bit shift).
For dividends less than 0, the shift is done arithmetically (sign extension), maintaining the sign after the shift. 
  - However, unlike unsigned division, this will round toward negative infinity rather than toward zero.
    - We can fix this by "biasing" the value before shifting 

#### Biasing
Let C variables x and k have two's complement value x and unsigned value k, such that 0 <= k < w.
The C expression (x + (1 << k) - 1) >> k, when the shift is performed arithmetically yield the value: ceil(x/2^k).

We can see that the bias, (1 << k) - 1 is essentially the unsigned maximum of a value with k bits.
So if k was 8 bits, then the bias is 2^8 - 1 = 255.

This tells us that we're simply incrementing the dividend by a factor of the divisor.
After we add the bias to the dividend, you could think of it like we're ahead by a factor of the divisor, so when we do the bit shift, it gives the illusion of rounding toward 0, but instead we're still rounding toward negative infinity.
